{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is a space-themed game. The player is a space ship that travels through the galaxy. \
\
Player is a travels through the galaxy collecting 
\f1\b rings
\f0\b0 . Each rings is worth 20 points and the requires 
\f1\b 1400
\f0\b0  points to 
\f1\b win
\f0\b0  the game.  Player is supposed to avoid colliding with 
\f1\b alien ships
\f0\b0  traveling in the opposite direction. Upon colliding with an alien ship, player loses one 1 HP, which is the number of lives player has. \
\
Player begins with 3 HPs and can take special power-up, the 
\f1\b blinking star
\f0\b0 , which increases the player\'92s HP by 1. A player can reach a maximum of 5HP in a game and 
\f1\b loses
\f0\b0  the game if player 
\f1\b loses all HPs (HP=0)
\f0\b0 . \
Meteorites are entities that shoot across the galaxy. Player reaches the meteorite stage upon accruing 600 points. Meteorites shoots one at a time and has a higher damage on player\'92s HP. Upon colliding with a meteorite, player loses 2 HPs. However, Meteorite has no effect upon colliding with alien ships or rings. \
\
The game progressively get difficult as player accrues more points. The game levels up and increases in speed anytime player accumulates 200 more points. The game 
\f1\b begins
\f0\b0  at 
\f1\b level 1
\f0\b0  and reaches its 
\f1\b maximum
\f0\b0  at 
\f1\b level 7
\f0\b0 , which has the highest speed in the time frame of the game. Meteorites begin shooting after player reaches level 4. As, such the game get more challenging as player progresses through level 4. \
\
\
Sources\
\
Player image (gif): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.istockphoto.com/vector/space-ship-game-sprites-gm896174674-247506213"}}{\fldrslt https://www.istockphoto.com/vector/space-ship-game-sprites-gm896174674-247506213}} (Resized and converted to gif using ezgif.com)\
\
Splash image (beginning of game): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itch.io/c/1761508/space-games"}}{\fldrslt https://itch.io/c/1761508/space-games}} \
\
Alien ship image (gif): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://opengameart.org/content/2d-spaceship-7-wubitog"}}{\fldrslt https://opengameart.org/content/2d-spaceship-7-wubitog}} (Resized and converted to gif using ezgif.com)\
\
Meteorite image: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.camping-bolter-ufer.de/uebernachten/extLink/http:/boom-pics.click/meteorite-png"}}{\fldrslt https://www.camping-bolter-ufer.de/uebernachten/extLink/http:/boom-pics.click/meteorite-png}} (Resized and converted to gif using ezgif.com)\
\
Blinking star image (gif):  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pinterest.com/pin/857583954033891879/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.pinterest.com/pin/857583954033891879/}}. (Resized using ezgif.com)\
\
Rotating ring image (gif): {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gifer.com/en/gifs/coin"}}{\fldrslt https://gifer.com/en/gifs/coin}} (Resized using ezgif.com)\
 \
 }